shortcuts :
 1. rfc for default structure.
 2. rfce 

step 1 : create two folder inside the main folder -> public & sever.
step 2 : inside the public folder create react app -> npx create-react-app chat-app.
step 3 : then, inside server folder run the command -> npm init , then install dependencies -> npm i express mongoose nodemon socket.io bcrypt cors dotenv. 
    Package Descriptions
    express: A fast, unopinionated, minimalist web framework for Node.js.
    mongoose: An Object Data Modeling (ODM) library for MongoDB and Node.js.
    nodemon: A tool that helps develop Node.js applications by automatically restarting the node application when file changes in the directory are detected.
    socket.io: A library that enables real-time, bidirectional and event-based communication between web clients and servers.
    bcrypt: A library to help hash passwords.
    cors: A package for providing a Connect/Express middleware that can be used to enable CORS with various options.
    dotenv: A module that loads environment variables from a .env file into process.env

step 4 : inside server create a file name as "index.js" then, require needed dependencies.
step 5 : inside the server folder, create .env file and inside the .env file write port and mongo_url ->"mongodb://localhost:27017"

what is yarn?
    "yarn" start is a command used in projects managed by the Yarn package manager,
    particularly those created with tools like Create React App. 
    This command is used to start the development server for your project.

    >> yarn add axios styled-components react-router-dom    <- commends that to add packeges.

    what each of these packages does:

    axios: A promise-based HTTP client for the browser and Node.js, used for making HTTP requests.
    styled-components: A library for writing CSS-in-JS, allowing you to style your components using tagged template literals.
    react-router-dom: A collection of navigational components that compose declaratively with your application for routing in React applications.


